docs: Add details on using Skia (#20171)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/getting-started/wizard/includes/features.md

```dotnetcli
dotnet new unoapp -wasm-multi-threading
```

#### Renderer  

- ##### Skia

>   Skia is the default rendering engine for Uno Platform as of Uno.Sdk 6.0+ across all supported platforms, including **Windows**, **WebAssembly (Wasm)**, **Android**, **iOS**, **macOS**, and **Linux**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Skia is the default rendering engine for Uno Platform as of Uno.Sdk 6.0+ across all targets except for WinAppSDK - including **Desktop (Windows, macOS, Linux)**, **WebAssembly (WASM)**, **Android**, **iOS**.
```

  It provides a **consistent, pixel-perfect rendering pipeline** by drawing the entire UI using the Skia graphics library (via SkiaSharp). This is the default renderer in the recommended preset.

  Learn more about Uno's Skia rendering [here](xref:Uno.Skia.Rendering).

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet new unoapp -renderer skia
  ```

- ##### Native

>   The Native renderer uses the **platform's native UI components** and rendering systems (e.g., WinUI on Windows, UIKit on iOS, Android Views on Android). This approach provides better integration with platform-specific behaviors, accessibility tools, and native feel.

Reviewer: Should mention where the native renderer toggle is located in the wizard
